Interview challenges:


1. While answering question but did not understand answer interviwer.


Self Intoduction :


Greeting :

Good afternoon, thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak with you today.

Your Name & Eductional Backgroud:

My name is [Muthuraj], and I recently graduated with a degree in Electronics and communication from Anna Universtity.During
my studies, I focused on software development and gained hands-on experience in various progarmming languages,inculding Embeeded C,Microcontroller,Verilog coding.Iot chip Coding.


Skils & Project :

I complete Iot using Techologies Project - Home Automation Sytstem.
Image Processing - Detection and leaf chatestics 
Pesonal Tracking Application used - Java
Verilog coding and using build - Ic facbriaction tool.


Throughout my academic journey, 
after joining Organz. 
Problem Sloving, UML Diagram , Flow Chart ,Algortim used.
UI FrameWork - Angualr material Used.
Backed Framework - Core java and Spring Boot as well as Database Mysql.
Testing Part - Automation and Manual Testing - Junit ,  Selenium , Jashmine Karma
Devops - Git , Selenium, Junit, Docker , AWS .

I worked Microproject and Capstone Project

I worked on serveral projects that honed my technical and problem sloving skills.One of my key projects
was developing web appliaction a web appliaction using Javascript and 

Interest in the Client's Industy/Role.

I m particulary excited about this opportunity because my orga focus on  . I am to apply real-word enviorment and contribute to my teams success.

STAR Technique:

Situation:

Give the relevant backgorud information when describing the setting or situation you encountered.Describe the situation in detail so the interviwer will comprehend it.




Task:

Describe the challenge or task you were given to do. Clearly State what was expected of you and the objectives you set out to accomplish.

Example:
'As the team' lead developer,I was responsible for 



Action:

The steps you took to reslove the problem and complete the work are described in detail in this activity.Your postion, duties,
and the actions you took to overcome obstacles should all be highlighted.


Example : I created a projrct plan, delegated tasks among team members based on their strengths, and ensured we met daily progress checkpoints.
I also implemeented the backed logic using Spring Boot and worked closely with the front 


Describe the actions that you personally took to complete the taskor reach the end goal.Highlight skils or character traits addressed in the question.

Result:


Share the results of your activites.When feasible,quantify my accomplishments and explain how my activites contributed to the overall success.
Emphasize the benefits of your work.


Example Response (Result) :

The Project was completed ahead of schedule, and we received excellent feedback form our professor for creating a fullt functional web appliaction.It boosted my confidence in managing projects and collaborating with teams.

Interview Etiquettes:




 I am writing to inform you that I will be attending a temple function this afternoon and tomorrow. This event is important to me and my family.